Name of Project: Project_multi(The project that we did is a nutritional tracker where it allows the user to pick how much servings of fruits, protein, grains, dairy, and vegetables they consume. Based on that, it displays a box saying if the servings are low or high as well as suggested recipes). 
Team Members: Krishneet Raj, Carlos Fletes, Daniel Loya, Felipe Lopez
Class: CST-205(Multimedia Design and Programming)
Date: May 14, 2024
How to Run Program: The project that we did is a nutritional tracker. Initially, we were going to use an API, and it was working, but when we got together, we were able to make it work without it. How the program runs is that we included PySide6.QtGui libraries in order to display a group box. This group box has 5 separate categories: fruits, protein, grains, dairy, and vegetables. In each category, the user picks the amount of servings that they pick. In order to display that the servings they get are good enough, fruit servings have to be at least more than 2, protein servings have to be at least more than 3, grain servings have to be at least more than 4, dairy servings have to be more than 3, and vegetable servings have to be at least more than 2. Once the user clicks submit with the group box, it displays another window saying if the servings they get are good and bad. Then, windows show up displaying recipes that belong to either one of 5 categories. We tried using Pixmap to display images and charts, but we couldn't figure it out). 
Link To GitHub Repository: https://github.com/pizzaflyinh/Project_multi.git
Future Work: Future work includes expanding the food database to include restaurant menus and international cuisine. Future work can also be allowing users to set and track custom nutrition and fitness goals. 
